S Arya, Arya: Page number ninety-nine in the background. The Cas Mayor pick income has already covered him with the pistol produced as
S Arya, Arya: a persuasive to balash. For a second there was silence, during which they all could hear the call to arms in the street Outside, the patrol was hurrying down the Petro, the calling the assembly.
S Arya, Arya: The report of the pistol rang through the house. Checking the doors and windows. The man threw up his arms and stood for a moment looking at the caspair with an expression of blank amazement.
S Arya, Arya: Then his legs seemed to slip away from beneath him, and he collapsed to the floor. He turned over with moment singularly suggestive of a child seeking a comfortable position in bed, and lay quite still,
S Arya, Arya: his cheek on the payment, and his starting eyes turned towards the cellar door from which he had emerged.
S Arya, Arya: He has this affair, that
S Arya, Arya: parishioner, muttered Barlash, looking at him with a smile that twisted his mouth to one side. As he spoke the man's throat rattled. The cashmere was reloading his pistol. So persistent was the gaze of the dead man's eyes that
S Arya, Arya: the Casimir turned on his heel to look in the same direction. Quick! He exclaimed, pointing to the doorway, from which,
S Arya, Arya: quick! He has set
S Arya, Arya: fire to the house.
S Arya, Arya: Quick! With what Mun Canal? Asked Barlash. Why go and fetch some men with a fire engine?
S Arya, Arya: We found that out last night when we wanted to. What did the horse.
S Arya, Arya: They are dual companions, these Russians, I can tell you.
S Arya, Arya: Do as I tell you repeated, because where, angrily, or I shall put you under a rest. Go and fetch men to help me extinguish this fire.
S Arya, Arya: By way of reply. Barlash held up one finger in a sign like gesture of attention to some distance sound. No, thank you, he said, cooling. Not for me.
S Arya, Arya: Disciplined one can. Now this is plane.
S Arya, Arya: Listen! You can hear the assembly as well as I.
S Arya, Arya: It is the Emperor that one o base one things of one's military career.
S Arya, Arya: With knotted and shaking fingers he drew back the bulls and opened the door.
S Arya, Arya: On the threshold he saluted.
S Arya, Arya: It is the call to arms, his office, as he said. Then, shouldering his musket, he turned away, and all his clocks struck six. The bell of the city churches
S Arya, Arya: feeds. Number one hundred
S Arya, Arya: seemed to greet him as he stepped into the street, for in Moscow each hour is proclaimed with a feeling iteration from a thousand tufts
S Arya, Arya: he looked down the petrol. From half
S Arya, Arya: the houses which bordered the wide roadway.
S Arya, Arya: A street of palaces. The smoke was pouring forth in puffs.
S Arya, Arya: He went uphill towards the Red Square and the Kremlin, where the Emperor had his headquarters.
S Arya, Arya: It was to his center that the petrols had
S Arya, Arya: coerced.
S Arya, Arya: Looking back, Barlash saw
S Arya, Arya: no one.
S Arya, Arya: House was on fire
S Arya, Arya: but a hundred.
S Arya, Arya: The smoke a rouse
S Arya, Arya: from every quarter of the city. At Once he hurried on, but was stopped by a crowd of soldiers, all Latin with booty.
S Arya, Arya: The riffraff of sixteen nations had followed Napoleon to Moscow to rob
S Arya, Arya: half a dozen different tunks were spoken in one army.
S Arya, Arya: There remained no national pride to act as a deterrent. No man cared what he did. The blame would be laid upon France.
S Arya, Arya: The crowd was collected in front of a highly May, many windowed building in flames. What is it? First one and then another, but no one spoke his time. At last he found a Frenchman.
S Arya, Arya: It is the hospital.
S Arya, Arya: And what is that smell? What is burning there?
S Arya, Arya: Twelve thousand wounded, answered the man, with a sickening laugh,
S Arya, Arya: and even as he spoke one or two of the wounded drag themselves half burnt down the wide steps. The one dared to approach them,
S Arya, Arya: for the walls of the building we are already bulging outwards.
S Arya, Arya: One man was half covered with a sheet
S Arya, Arya: which was black, and his bare limbs were black. Whitz book.
S Arya, Arya: All the hair was burned from his head and face. He stood for a moment in the doorway, a site never to be forgotten, and then fell headlong down the steps
S Arya, Arya: where he live motionless.
S Arya, Arya: Someone in the crowd left a high cackle.
S Arya, Arya: Barlash passed on,
S Arya, Arya: following some offices who were leading their horses towards the Kremlin.
S Arya, Arya: The streets were full of soldiers carrying burdens and staggering beneath the weight of their spoil.
S Arya, Arya: Many were wearing priceless for cloaks and other walked in women's, wraps of sable and hermite.
S Arya, Arya: Some, over dual research has necklaces on their rough uniform and bracelets around their sunburned First
S Arya, Arya: all we're in deadly and and no, and none graver than those who had found drink, and now regretted that they had given way. The Tim
S Arya, Arya: that they had given way to the temptation, for their sober comrades had outmitted them in finding treasures.